GRINN's Chilisom layer

Common targets are:
    core-image-minimal		A small image just capable of allowing a device to boot

    core-image-base		A console-only image that fully supports the target device hardware.

    core-image-sato		Image with Sato, a mobile environment and visual style for
				mobile devices. The image supports X11 with a Sato theme, Pimlico
				applications, and contains terminal, editor, and file manager."
    meta-toolchain
    adt-installer
    meta-ide-support

Additional Yocto targets are:
    core-image-full-cmdline	A console-only image with more full-featured Linux system
				functionality installed.

    core-image-kernel-dev	A development image that builds the kernel and packages that are
				sensitive to kernel updates and version changes

    core-image-lsb-dev		Basic image without X support suitable for development work. It
				can be used for customization and implementations that conform to Linux
				Standard Base (LSB).

    core-image-lsb-sdk		Basic image without X support suitable for Linux Standard Base
				(LSB) implementations. It includes the full meta-toolchain, plus development
				headers and libraries to form a standalone SDK.

    core-image-lsb		An image containing packages that are required to conform
				to the Linux Standard Base (LSB) specification.

    core-image-minimal-dev	A small image just capable of allowing a device to boot and
				is suitable for development work.

    core-image-minimal-initramfs	
				Small image capable of booting a device. The kernel includes
				the Minimal RAM-based Initial Root Filesystem (initramfs), which finds the
				first 'init' program more efficiently.

    core-image-minimal-mtdutils
				Small image capable of booting a device with support for the
				Minimal MTD Utilities, which let the user interact with the MTD subsystem in
				the kernel to perform operations on flash devices

    core-image-sato-dev		Image with Sato for development work. It includes everything
				within core-image-sato plus a native toolchain, application development and
				testing libraries, profiling and debug symbols.
				You can also run generated qemu images with a command like 'runqemu qemux86'

    core-image-sato-sdk		Image with Sato support that includes everything within
				core-image-sato plus meta-toolchain, development headers and libraries to
				form a standalone SDK.

